Add images and challenges to episode 3 (#83)
ImperialCollegeLondon/digital_research_sustainability_training: episodes/03_activities.md

Once the baseline energy usage is found, strategies can be defined to reduce it, like
adjusting the power management settings, changing usage habits, etc.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge

#### What are the idle energy usage of your computer?

Like in the previous exercise, try to find the ECO Declaration for your computer
in the manufacturer's webpage.

- What's such an energy consumption?

> - How easy was to find it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is the reported idle energy consumption?
- How easy was it to find?
```

for storing cold data due to their low cost, low embodied emissions and great energy
efficiency.

["Data storage through history"]: https://www.anycloud.dk/anycloud/data-management/data-storage-thoughout-history/

## Data Centres

Beyond personal computing devices like laptops and PC's, much computing infrastructure
is now accessed remotely. In this case the computers are generally hosted in a Data
Centre, a large industrial facility that can contain thousands of servers and the
supporting infrastructure required to allow remote access.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line line-length -->

> ![Data centers consume huge amounts of energy and water, which can be a risk for the environment. Image originally published at [The Seattle Times].](https://images.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/Data-Centers-ONLINE.jpg){alt="Cartoon showing a datacenter as a monster demanding more power."}

Reviewer: So I think we're aiming for a more nuanced take than this image suggests. I think this could go in a more explicity section where we address the AI driven "hyperscaler" trend and some of the media coverage around it. But I think take it out for now.

Author: Ok, I'll remove this altogether and not replace it with anything else. I'm not sure what a meaningful image related to datacentres we could add here. There's an image just a couple of paragraphs below, so we might not need anything here.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: instructor

Depending on the size of the group and their engagement, the following challenge can also
be done collectively as a class:

- Participants go in turns suggesting items, and the instructor writes them in a whiteboard
- Participants write items in post-its and then stick them on a wall

Both options can be done for remote delivery of the course, using digital whiteboards.
Finally, the instructor comments on the results.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge

## What do you use data centres for?

There are way more things that we initially may think that make use of data centres, some

> related to digital research but plenty of others than do not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
related to digital research but plenty of others that do not.
```

> In small groups, reflect and discuss what daily activities pof your everyday life make

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In small groups, reflect and discuss which daily activities in your everyday life make
```

> use of data centres, sorting them into digital research, other work-related activites,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use of data centres, sorting them into digital research, other work-related activities,
```

and personal activities.

- Where do you have more items?
- Which category do you think consume more data centre power?

> - After talking to your colleagues, was there any surprise on things that use data centres?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- After talking to your colleagues, did anything surprise you about what uses data centres?
```
